Note section for Symbol.metadata in the plugin-proposal-decorators doc (#2967)
babel/website: docs/plugin-proposal-decorators.md

  ]
});
```

> ## Note on `Symbol.metadata`
> 
> When using decorators which either access or modify the metadata in the decorator context, you may need to use `Symbol.metadata`. However, `Symbol.metadata` is not defined globally by default because it is part of an experimental proposal (https://github.com/tc39/proposal-decorator-metadata).
> 
> To ensure `Symbol.metadata` is available globally and matches the symbol used by the Babel decorators plugin during transpilation, you need to include a polyfill that defines it.
> 
> ### Steps to Include the Polyfill
> 
> Install `core-js`
> ```shell npm2yarn
> npm install core-js
> ```
> 
> Import the Metadata Polyfill
> 
> ```js title="Javascript"
> import 'core-js/proposals/decorator-metadata-v2.js';
> ```
> 
> Note: This import must come before any code that uses decorators or accesses `Symbol.metadata`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
When using decorators which either access or modify the metadata in the decorator context, you may need to use `Symbol.metadata`. When `Symbol.metadata` is not available, Babel defaults to `Symbol.for("Symbol.metadata")`: this may be incompatible with other packages that use a different fallback.

To ensure that `Symbol.metadata` is available globally and matches the symbol used by the Babel decorators plugin during transpilation, you will need to either include a polyfill that defines it, or define it yourself:

```js title="symbol-metadata-polyfill.js"
Symbol.metadata = Symbol.for("Symbol.metadata");
```

You can also use a third-party polyfill, such as `core-js/proposals/decorator-metadata-v2.js`. Make sure that the polyfill is executed before any code that uses decorators or accesses `Symbol.metadata`.
````
